#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with Python 3.10
# by the following command:
#
#    ./bin/compile_dependencies.sh
#
amqp==5.2.0
    # via kombu
ape-pie==0.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.in
    #   zgw-consumers
asgiref==3.7.2
    # via django
asn1crypto==1.5.1
    # via webauthn
async-timeout==4.0.2
    # via redis
attrs==23.2.0
    # via
    #   glom
    #   jsonschema
    #   referencing
    #   zeep
beautifulsoup4==4.10.0
    # via o365
billiard==4.2.0
    # via celery
bleach[css]==5.0.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.in
    #   bleach
boltons==21.0.0
    # via
    #   face
    #   glom
brotli==1.1.0
    # via fonttools
cbor2==5.6.2
    # via webauthn
celery==5.4.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.in
    #   celery-once
    #   django-yubin
    #   flower
celery-once==3.0.1
    # via -r requirements/base.in
certifi==2024.7.4
    # via
    #   elastic-apm
    #   requests
    #   self-certifi
    #   sentry-sdk
cffi==1.16.0
    # via
    #   cryptography
    #   weasyprint
chardet==5.1.0
    # via prance
charset-normalizer==2.0.2
    # via requests
clamd==1.0.2
    # via -r requirements/base.in
click==8.1.7
    # via
    #   celery
    #   click-didyoumean
    #   click-plugins
    #   click-repl
click-didyoumean==0.3.0
    # via celery
click-plugins==1.1.1
    # via celery
click-repl==0.2.0
    # via celery
cryptography==42.0.4
    # via
    #   django-digid-eherkenning
    #   django-simple-certmanager
    #   josepy
    #   maykin-python3-saml
    #   mozilla-django-oidc
    #   pyopenssl
    #   webauthn
cssselect2==0.7.0
    # via weasyprint
defusedxml==0.7.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.in
    #   odfpy
diff-match-patch==20230430
    # via django-import-export
django==4.2.15
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.in
    #   django-admin-index
    #   django-appconf
    #   django-axes
    #   django-camunda
    #   django-cookie-consent
    #   django-cors-headers
    #   django-csp
    #   django-csp-reports
    #   django-digid-eherkenning
    #   django-filter
    #   django-flags
    #   django-formtools
    #   django-hijack
    #   django-import-export
    #   django-jsonform
    #   django-log-outgoing-requests
    #   django-modeltranslation
    #   django-otp
    #   django-phonenumber-field
    #   django-privates
    #   django-redis
    #   django-relativedelta
    #   django-sendfile2
    #   django-sessionprofile
    #   django-simple-certmanager
    #   django-solo
    #   django-timeline-logger
    #   django-tinymce
    #   django-treebeard
    #   django-two-factor-auth
    #   djangorestframework
    #   drf-jsonschema-serializer
    #   drf-nested-routers
    #   drf-polymorphic
    #   drf-spectacular
    #   mail-cleaner
    #   maykin-2fa
    #   mozilla-django-oidc
    #   mozilla-django-oidc-db
    #   sentry-sdk
    #   zgw-consumers
django-admin-index==3.1.1
    # via -r requirements/base.in
django-appconf==1.0.4
    # via
    #   django-cookie-consent
    #   django-log-outgoing-requests
    #   django-timeline-logger
django-autoslug==1.9.9
    # via -r requirements/base.in
django-axes[ipware]==6.4.0
    # via -r requirements/base.in
django-camunda==0.15.0
    # via -r requirements/base.in
django-capture-tag==1.0
    # via -r requirements/base.in
django-colorfield==0.9.0
    # via -r requirements/base.in
django-cookie-consent==0.6.0
    # via -r requirements/base.in
django-cors-headers==3.11.0
    # via -r requirements/base.in
django-csp==3.8
    # via -r requirements/base.in
django-csp-reports==1.8.1
    # via -r requirements/base.in
django-digid-eherkenning[oidc]==0.16.0
    # via -r requirements/base.in
django-filter==23.2
    # via -r requirements/base.in
django-flags==5.0.13
    # via -r requirements/base.in
django-formtools==2.5.1
    # via django-two-factor-auth
django-hijack==3.4.1
    # via -r requirements/base.in
django-import-export==3.3.7
    # via -r requirements/base.in
django-ipware==5.0.0
    # via django-axes
django-jsonform==2.21.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.in
    #   mozilla-django-oidc-db
django-log-outgoing-requests==0.6.1
    # via -r requirements/base.in
django-modeltranslation==0.18.12
    # via -r requirements/base.in
django-ordered-model==3.6
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.in
    #   django-admin-index
django-otp==1.3.0
    # via django-two-factor-auth
django-phonenumber-field==7.3.0
    # via django-two-factor-auth
django-privates==1.5.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.in
    #   django-simple-certmanager
django-redis==5.3.0
    # via -r requirements/base.in
django-relativedelta==2.0.0
    # via zgw-consumers
django-sendfile2==0.7.0
    # via django-privates
django-sessionprofile==2.0.0
    # via django-digid-eherkenning
django-simple-certmanager==2.4.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.in
    #   django-digid-eherkenning
    #   zgw-consumers
django-solo==2.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.in
    #   django-camunda
    #   django-digid-eherkenning
    #   django-log-outgoing-requests
    #   mozilla-django-oidc-db
    #   zgw-consumers
django-timeline-logger==4.0.0
    # via -r requirements/base.in
django-tinymce==4.1.0
    # via -r requirements/base.in
django-treebeard==4.7
    # via -r requirements/base.in
django-two-factor-auth[phonenumberslite,webauthn]==1.16.0
    # via maykin-2fa
django-yubin==2.0.4
    # via -r requirements/base.in
djangorestframework==3.15.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.in
    #   drf-jsonschema-serializer
    #   drf-nested-routers
    #   drf-polymorphic
    #   drf-spectacular
djangorestframework-camel-case==1.4.2
    # via -r requirements/base.in
drf-jsonschema-serializer==3.0.0
    # via -r requirements/base.in
drf-nested-routers==0.93.4
    # via -r requirements/base.in
drf-polymorphic==1.0.0
    # via -r requirements/base.in
drf-spectacular==0.27.0
    # via -r requirements/base.in
ecs-logging==2.0.2
    # via elastic-apm
elastic-apm==6.17.0
    # via -r requirements/base.in
et-xmlfile==1.1.0
    # via openpyxl
face==20.1.1
    # via glom
flower==2.0.1
    # via -r requirements/base.in
fonttools[woff]==4.45.1
    # via
    #   fonttools
    #   weasyprint
frozendict==2.3.4
    # via -r requirements/base.in
furl==2.1.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.in
    #   ape-pie
    #   django-digid-eherkenning
glom==20.11.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.in
    #   mozilla-django-oidc-db
html5lib==1.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.in
    #   weasyprint
humanize==3.14.0
    # via flower
idna==3.7
    # via requests
importlib-resources==6.4.0
    # via schwifty
inflection==0.5.1
    # via
    #   django-camunda
    #   drf-spectacular
isodate==0.6.1
    # via
    #   maykin-json-logic-py
    #   maykin-python3-saml
    #   zeep
josepy==1.14.0
    # via mozilla-django-oidc
jq==1.3.0
    # via -r requirements/base.in
jsonschema==4.21.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.in
    #   drf-jsonschema-serializer
    #   drf-spectacular
    #   openapi-schema-validator
    #   openapi-spec-validator
jsonschema-spec==0.2.4
    # via openapi-spec-validator
jsonschema-specifications==2023.7.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.in
    #   jsonschema
    #   openapi-schema-validator
kombu==5.3.7
    # via celery
lazy-object-proxy==1.9.0
    # via openapi-spec-validator
lxml==5.2.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.in
    #   django-camunda
    #   django-digid-eherkenning
    #   lxml-html-clean
    #   mail-cleaner
    #   maykin-python3-saml
    #   xmlsec
    #   zeep
lxml-html-clean==0.1.1
    # via -r requirements/base.in
mail-cleaner==1.2.0
    # via -r requirements/base.in
mail-parser==3.15.0
    # via django-yubin
markuppy==1.14
    # via tablib
maykin-2fa==1.0.0
    # via -r requirements/base.in
maykin-json-logic-py==0.13.0
    # via -r requirements/base.in
maykin-python3-saml==1.16.1
    # via django-digid-eherkenning
mozilla-django-oidc==4.0.0
    # via mozilla-django-oidc-db
mozilla-django-oidc-db==0.19.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.in
    #   django-digid-eherkenning
o365==2.0.31
    # via -r requirements/base.in
oauthlib==3.2.2
    # via requests-oauthlib
odfpy==1.4.1
    # via tablib
openapi-schema-validator==0.6.2
    # via openapi-spec-validator
openapi-spec-validator==0.6.0
    # via openapi3-parser
openapi3-parser==1.1.16
    # via -r requirements/base.in
openpyxl==3.0.7
    # via tablib
orderedmultidict==1.0.1
    # via furl
packaging==23.1
    # via prance
pathable==0.4.3
    # via jsonschema-spec
phonenumberslite==8.13.29
    # via django-two-factor-auth
pillow==10.3.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.in
    #   django-colorfield
    #   weasyprint
platformdirs==2.2.0
    # via zeep
portalocker[redis]==2.3.2
    # via -r requirements/base.in
prance==23.6.21.0
    # via openapi3-parser
prometheus-client==0.13.1
    # via flower
prompt-toolkit==3.0.27
    # via click-repl
psycopg2==2.8.6
    # via -r requirements/base.in
pycountry==23.12.11
    # via schwifty
pycparser==2.20
    # via cffi
pydyf==0.8.0
    # via weasyprint
pyjwt==2.6.0
    # via zgw-consumers
pyopenssl==24.0.0
    # via
    #   josepy
    #   webauthn
pyphen==0.14.0
    # via weasyprint
pypng==0.20220715.0
    # via qrcode
python-dateutil==2.8.2
    # via
    #   celery
    #   django-camunda
    #   django-relativedelta
    #   o365
python-decouple==3.8
    # via -r requirements/base.in
python-dotenv==0.14.0
    # via -r requirements/base.in
python-magic==0.4.27
    # via -r requirements/base.in
pytz==2022.2.1
    # via
    #   django-yubin
    #   flower
    #   zeep
pytz-deprecation-shim==0.1.0.post0
    # via tzlocal
pyyaml==6.0.1
    # via
    #   drf-spectacular
    #   jsonschema-spec
    #   tablib
qrcode==7.4.2
    # via django-two-factor-auth
redis==4.5.4
    # via
    #   celery-once
    #   django-redis
    #   portalocker
referencing==0.30.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.in
    #   jsonschema
    #   jsonschema-spec
    #   jsonschema-specifications
requests==2.32.2
    # via
    #   ape-pie
    #   django-camunda
    #   django-log-outgoing-requests
    #   jsonschema-spec
    #   maykin-python3-saml
    #   mozilla-django-oidc
    #   o365
    #   prance
    #   requests-file
    #   requests-oauthlib
    #   requests-toolbelt
    #   zeep
    #   zgw-consumers
requests-file==1.5.1
    # via zeep
requests-oauthlib==1.3.0
    # via o365
requests-toolbelt==1.0.0
    # via zeep
rfc3339-validator==0.1.4
    # via openapi-schema-validator
rpds-py==0.18.0
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   referencing
rstr==3.2.2
    # via schwifty
ruamel-yaml==0.17.32
    # via prance
ruamel-yaml-clib==0.2.7
    # via ruamel-yaml
schwifty==2024.5.3
    # via -r requirements/base.in
self-certifi==1.0.0
    # via -r requirements/base.in
semantic-version==2.10.0
    # via -r requirements/base.in
sentry-sdk[django]==1.27.1
    # via -r requirements/base.in
simplejson==3.17.6
    # via mail-parser
six==1.15.0
    # via
    #   bleach
    #   click-repl
    #   furl
    #   html5lib
    #   isodate
    #   mail-parser
    #   orderedmultidict
    #   prance
    #   python-dateutil
    #   requests-file
    #   rfc3339-validator
soupsieve==2.3
    # via beautifulsoup4
sqlparse==0.5.0
    # via django
stringcase==1.2.0
    # via o365
tablib[html,ods,xls,xlsx,yaml]==3.5.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.in
    #   django-import-export
tabulate==0.8.9
    # via -r requirements/base.in
tinycss2==1.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.in
    #   bleach
    #   cssselect2
    #   weasyprint
tornado==6.4.1
    # via flower
typing-extensions==4.11.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.in
    #   asgiref
    #   mozilla-django-oidc-db
    #   qrcode
    #   schwifty
    #   zgw-consumers
tzdata==2023.3
    # via
    #   celery
    #   pytz-deprecation-shim
tzlocal==4.3.1
    # via o365
uritemplate==3.0.1
    # via drf-spectacular
urllib3==2.2.2
    # via
    #   elastic-apm
    #   requests
    #   sentry-sdk
uwsgi==2.0.26
    # via -r requirements/base.in
vine==5.1.0
    # via
    #   amqp
    #   celery
    #   kombu
wcwidth==0.2.5
    # via prompt-toolkit
weasyprint==60.1
    # via -r requirements/base.in
webauthn==2.0.0
    # via django-two-factor-auth
webencodings==0.5.1
    # via
    #   bleach
    #   cssselect2
    #   html5lib
    #   tinycss2
wrapt==1.15.0
    # via elastic-apm
xlrd==2.0.1
    # via tablib
xlwt==1.3.0
    # via tablib
xmlsec==1.3.14
    # via maykin-python3-saml
xmltodict==0.12.0
    # via -r requirements/base.in
zeep==4.2.1
    # via -r requirements/base.in
zgw-consumers==0.32.0
    # via -r requirements/base.in
zopfli==0.2.3
    # via fonttools
