# This file was autogenerated by uv via the following command:
#    ./bin/compile_dependencies.sh
alabaster==0.7.16
    # via sphinx
amqp==5.2.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   kombu
annotated-types==0.7.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   pydantic
ape-pie==0.1.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   zgw-consumers
asgiref==3.7.2
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   django
    #   django-structlog
asn1crypto==1.5.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   webauthn
attrs==23.2.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   glom
    #   hypothesis
    #   jsonschema
    #   referencing
    #   zeep
babel==2.9.1
    # via sphinx
beautifulsoup4==4.10.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   o365
    #   webtest
billiard==4.2.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   celery
bleach==5.0.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
boltons==21.0.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   face
    #   glom
brotli==1.1.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   fonttools
cbor2==5.6.2
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   webauthn
celery==5.5.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   celery-once
    #   django-yubin
    #   flower
celery-once==3.0.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
certifi==2024.7.4
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   elastic-apm
    #   requests
    #   self-certifi
    #   sentry-sdk
cffi==1.16.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   cryptography
    #   weasyprint
chardet==5.1.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   prance
charset-normalizer==2.0.2
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   requests
clamd==1.0.2
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
click==8.1.7
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   celery
    #   click-didyoumean
    #   click-plugins
    #   click-repl
click-didyoumean==0.3.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   celery
click-plugins==1.1.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   celery
click-repl==0.2.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   celery
coverage==7.4.0
    # via -r requirements/test-tools.in
cryptography==44.0.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   django-digid-eherkenning
    #   django-simple-certmanager
    #   josepy
    #   maykin-python3-saml
    #   mozilla-django-oidc
    #   pyopenssl
    #   webauthn
cssselect==1.1.0
    # via pyquery
cssselect2==0.7.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   weasyprint
defusedxml==0.7.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   odfpy
diff-match-patch==20230430
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   django-import-export
django==4.2.23
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   django-admin-index
    #   django-appconf
    #   django-axes
    #   django-camunda
    #   django-cookie-consent
    #   django-cors-headers
    #   django-csp
    #   django-csp-reports
    #   django-digid-eherkenning
    #   django-filter
    #   django-flags
    #   django-formtools
    #   django-hijack
    #   django-import-export
    #   django-jsonform
    #   django-log-outgoing-requests
    #   django-modeltranslation
    #   django-otp
    #   django-phonenumber-field
    #   django-privates
    #   django-redis
    #   django-relativedelta
    #   django-sendfile2
    #   django-sessionprofile
    #   django-setup-configuration
    #   django-simple-certmanager
    #   django-solo
    #   django-structlog
    #   django-timeline-logger
    #   django-tinymce
    #   django-treebeard
    #   django-two-factor-auth
    #   django-upgrade-check
    #   djangorestframework
    #   drf-jsonschema-serializer
    #   drf-nested-routers
    #   drf-polymorphic
    #   drf-spectacular
    #   mail-cleaner
    #   maykin-2fa
    #   maykin-common
    #   mozilla-django-oidc
    #   mozilla-django-oidc-db
    #   zgw-consumers
django-admin-index==3.1.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   maykin-common
django-admin-rangefilter==0.13.2
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
django-appconf==1.0.4
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   django-cookie-consent
    #   django-log-outgoing-requests
    #   django-timeline-logger
django-autoslug==1.9.9
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
django-axes==6.4.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   maykin-common
django-camunda==0.15.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
django-capture-tag==1.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
django-colorfield==0.9.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
django-cookie-consent==0.6.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
django-cors-headers==3.11.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
django-csp==3.8
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
django-csp-reports==1.8.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
django-digid-eherkenning @ git+https://github.com/maykinmedia/django-digid-eherkenning.git@f5b58c359b3df036d3bdb89a9f7c7b024a82310a
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
django-filter==24.2
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
django-flags==5.0.13
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
django-formtools==2.5.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   django-two-factor-auth
django-hijack==3.4.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
django-import-export==3.3.7
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
django-ipware==7.0.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   django-structlog
django-jsonform==2.21.2
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   mozilla-django-oidc-db
django-log-outgoing-requests==0.6.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
django-modeltranslation==0.19.4
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
django-ordered-model==3.6
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   django-admin-index
django-otp==1.3.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   django-two-factor-auth
django-phonenumber-field==7.3.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   django-two-factor-auth
django-privates==3.1.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   django-simple-certmanager
django-redis==5.3.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
django-relativedelta==2.0.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   zgw-consumers
django-sendfile2==0.7.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   django-privates
django-sessionprofile==2.0.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   django-digid-eherkenning
django-setup-configuration==0.8.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
django-simple-certmanager==2.4.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/test-tools.in
    #   django-digid-eherkenning
    #   zgw-consumers
django-solo==2.3.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   django-camunda
    #   django-digid-eherkenning
    #   django-log-outgoing-requests
    #   mozilla-django-oidc-db
    #   zgw-consumers
django-structlog==9.1.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
django-timeline-logger==4.0.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
django-tinymce==4.1.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
django-treebeard==4.7
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
django-two-factor-auth==1.16.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   maykin-2fa
django-upgrade-check==1.0.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
django-webtest==1.9.7
    # via -r requirements/test-tools.in
django-yubin==2.0.4
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
djangorestframework==3.15.2
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   drf-jsonschema-serializer
    #   drf-nested-routers
    #   drf-polymorphic
    #   drf-spectacular
djangorestframework-camel-case==1.4.2
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
docutils==0.21.2
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   django-setup-configuration
    #   sphinx
    #   sphinx-rtd-theme
    #   sphinx-tabs
drf-jsonschema-serializer==3.0.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
drf-nested-routers==0.93.4
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
drf-polymorphic==2.0.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
drf-spectacular==0.27.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
ecs-logging==2.0.2
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   elastic-apm
elastic-apm==6.17.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
et-xmlfile==1.1.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   openpyxl
face==20.1.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   glom
factory-boy==3.3.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test-tools.in
    #   django-simple-certmanager
    #   zgw-consumers
faker==23.1.0
    # via
    #   factory-boy
    #   zgw-consumers
flower==2.0.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
fonttools==4.45.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   weasyprint
freezegun==1.5.1
    # via -r requirements/test-tools.in
frozendict==2.3.4
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
furl==2.1.2
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   ape-pie
    #   django-digid-eherkenning
glom==23.5.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   mozilla-django-oidc-db
greenlet==3.1.1
    # via playwright
html5lib==1.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   weasyprint
humanize==3.14.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   flower
hypothesis==6.84.3
    # via -r requirements/test-tools.in
idna==3.7
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   requests
    #   yarl
imagesize==1.4.1
    # via sphinx
inflection==0.5.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   django-camunda
    #   drf-spectacular
isodate==0.6.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   maykin-json-logic-py
    #   maykin-python3-saml
    #   zeep
jinja2==3.1.6
    # via sphinx
josepy==1.14.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   mozilla-django-oidc
jq==1.7.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
jsonschema==4.21.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   drf-jsonschema-serializer
    #   drf-spectacular
    #   openapi-schema-validator
    #   openapi-spec-validator
jsonschema-spec==0.2.4
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   openapi-spec-validator
jsonschema-specifications==2023.7.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   jsonschema
    #   openapi-schema-validator
kombu==5.5.2
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   celery
lazy-object-proxy==1.9.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   openapi-spec-validator
lxml==5.3.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   django-camunda
    #   django-digid-eherkenning
    #   lxml-html-clean
    #   mail-cleaner
    #   maykin-python3-saml
    #   pyquery
    #   xmlsec
    #   zeep
lxml-html-clean==0.4.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
mail-cleaner==1.2.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
mail-parser==3.15.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   django-yubin
markuppy==1.14
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   tablib
markupsafe==2.1.2
    # via jinja2
maykin-2fa==1.0.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   maykin-common
maykin-common==0.6.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/test-tools.in
maykin-json-logic-py==0.13.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
maykin-python3-saml==1.16.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   django-digid-eherkenning
mozilla-django-oidc==4.0.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   mozilla-django-oidc-db
mozilla-django-oidc-db @ git+https://github.com/maykinmedia/mozilla-django-oidc-db.git@a98792cd8e501e8b90e56ddee39c6f4a872a543d
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
multidict==6.6.3
    # via yarl
o365==2.0.31
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
oauthlib==3.2.2
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   requests-oauthlib
odfpy==1.4.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   tablib
openapi-schema-validator==0.6.2
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   openapi-spec-validator
openapi-spec-validator==0.6.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   openapi3-parser
openapi3-parser==1.1.16
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
openpyxl==3.1.5
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   tablib
orderedmultidict==1.0.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   furl
packaging==23.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   prance
    #   sphinx
pathable==0.4.3
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   jsonschema-spec
phonenumberslite==8.13.29
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   django-two-factor-auth
pillow==10.3.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   django-colorfield
    #   weasyprint
platformdirs==2.2.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   zeep
playwright==1.49.1
    # via -r requirements/test-tools.in
portalocker==2.3.2
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
prance==23.6.21.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   openapi3-parser
prometheus-client==0.13.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   flower
prompt-toolkit==3.0.27
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   click-repl
propcache==0.3.2
    # via yarl
psycopg==3.2.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
pycountry==23.12.11
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   schwifty
pycparser==2.20
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   cffi
pydantic==2.9.2
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   django-setup-configuration
    #   pydantic-settings
pydantic-core==2.23.4
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   pydantic
pydantic-settings==2.6.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   django-setup-configuration
pydyf==0.8.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   weasyprint
pyee==12.0.0
    # via playwright
pygments==2.17.2
    # via
    #   sphinx
    #   sphinx-tabs
pyjwt==2.6.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   zgw-consumers
pyopenssl==25.0.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   josepy
    #   webauthn
pyphen==0.14.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   weasyprint
pypng==0.20220715.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   qrcode
pyquery==1.4.1
    # via -r requirements/test-tools.in
python-dateutil==2.9.0.post0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   celery
    #   django-camunda
    #   django-relativedelta
    #   faker
    #   freezegun
    #   o365
python-decouple==3.8
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
python-dotenv==1.0.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   pydantic-settings
python-ipware==3.0.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   django-ipware
python-magic==0.4.27
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
pytz==2024.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   babel
    #   django-yubin
    #   flower
    #   zeep
pytz-deprecation-shim==0.1.0.post0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   tzlocal
pyyaml==6.0.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   drf-spectacular
    #   jsonschema-spec
    #   pydantic-settings
    #   tablib
    #   vcrpy
    #   zgw-consumers
qrcode==7.4.2
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   django-two-factor-auth
redis==4.5.4
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   celery-once
    #   django-redis
referencing==0.30.2
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   jsonschema
    #   jsonschema-spec
    #   jsonschema-specifications
requests==2.32.4
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   ape-pie
    #   django-camunda
    #   django-log-outgoing-requests
    #   jsonschema-spec
    #   maykin-common
    #   maykin-python3-saml
    #   mozilla-django-oidc
    #   o365
    #   prance
    #   requests-file
    #   requests-mock
    #   requests-oauthlib
    #   requests-toolbelt
    #   sphinx
    #   zeep
    #   zgw-consumers
requests-file==1.5.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   zeep
requests-mock==1.12.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test-tools.in
    #   zgw-consumers
requests-oauthlib==1.3.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   o365
requests-toolbelt==1.0.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   zeep
rfc3339-validator==0.1.4
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   openapi-schema-validator
rpds-py==0.18.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   jsonschema
    #   referencing
rstr==3.2.2
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   schwifty
ruamel-yaml==0.18.10
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   django-setup-configuration
    #   prance
ruamel-yaml-clib==0.2.12
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   ruamel-yaml
ruff==0.11.5
    # via -r requirements/test-tools.in
schwifty==2024.5.3
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
self-certifi==1.0.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
semantic-version==2.10.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   django-upgrade-check
sentry-sdk==2.10.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
simplejson==3.19.3
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   mail-parser
six==1.16.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   bleach
    #   click-repl
    #   furl
    #   html5lib
    #   isodate
    #   mail-parser
    #   orderedmultidict
    #   prance
    #   python-dateutil
    #   requests-file
    #   rfc3339-validator
    #   webtest
snowballstemmer==2.1.0
    # via sphinx
sortedcontainers==2.4.0
    # via hypothesis
soupsieve==2.3
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   beautifulsoup4
sphinx==7.3.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/docs.in
    #   sphinx-rtd-theme
    #   sphinx-tabs
    #   sphinxcontrib-jquery
sphinx-rtd-theme==3.0.2
    # via -r requirements/docs.in
sphinx-tabs==3.4.5
    # via -r requirements/docs.in
sphinxcontrib-applehelp==1.0.8
    # via sphinx
sphinxcontrib-devhelp==1.0.6
    # via sphinx
sphinxcontrib-htmlhelp==2.0.5
    # via sphinx
sphinxcontrib-jquery==4.1
    # via sphinx-rtd-theme
sphinxcontrib-jsmath==1.0.1
    # via sphinx
sphinxcontrib-mermaid==0.9.2
    # via -r requirements/docs.in
sphinxcontrib-qthelp==1.0.7
    # via sphinx
sphinxcontrib-serializinghtml==1.1.10
    # via sphinx
sqlparse==0.5.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   django
stringcase==1.2.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   o365
structlog==25.2.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   django-structlog
tablib==3.5.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   django-import-export
tabulate==0.8.9
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
tblib==1.7.0
    # via -r requirements/test-tools.in
tenacity==8.2.3
    # via -r requirements/test-tools.in
tinycss2==1.1.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   cssselect2
    #   weasyprint
tornado==6.5
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   flower
types-requests==2.32.4.20250611
    # via maykin-common
typing-extensions==4.12.2
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   mozilla-django-oidc-db
    #   psycopg
    #   pydantic
    #   pydantic-core
    #   pyee
    #   pyopenssl
    #   qrcode
    #   zgw-consumers
tzdata==2025.2
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   kombu
    #   pytz-deprecation-shim
tzlocal==4.3.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   o365
uritemplate==3.0.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   drf-spectacular
urllib3==2.5.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   elastic-apm
    #   requests
    #   sentry-sdk
    #   types-requests
    #   vcrpy
uwsgi==2.0.26
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
vcrpy==7.0.0
    # via maykin-common
vine==5.1.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   amqp
    #   celery
    #   kombu
waitress==3.0.1
    # via webtest
wcwidth==0.2.5
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   prompt-toolkit
weasyprint==60.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   maykin-common
webauthn==2.0.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   django-two-factor-auth
webencodings==0.5.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   bleach
    #   cssselect2
    #   html5lib
    #   tinycss2
webob==1.8.8
    # via webtest
webtest==2.0.35
    # via django-webtest
wheel==0.38.4
    # via -r requirements/test-tools.in
wrapt==1.15.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   elastic-apm
    #   vcrpy
xlrd==2.0.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   tablib
xlwt==1.3.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   tablib
xmlsec==1.3.14
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   django-digid-eherkenning
    #   maykin-python3-saml
xmltodict==0.12.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
yarl==1.20.1
    # via vcrpy
zeep==4.2.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
zgw-consumers==0.38.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/test-tools.in
zopfli==0.2.3
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   fonttools
