#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with Python 3.10
# by the following command:
#
#    ./bin/compile_dependencies.sh
#
--no-binary lxml

alabaster==0.7.16
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   sphinx
amqp==5.0.9
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   kombu
ape-pie==0.1.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   zgw-consumers
asgiref==3.7.2
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   django
asn1crypto==1.5.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   webauthn
async-timeout==4.0.2
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   redis
attrs==23.2.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   glom
    #   hypothesis
    #   jsonschema
    #   referencing
    #   zeep
autopep8==1.5.7
    # via django-silk
babel==2.9.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   sphinx
beautifulsoup4==4.10.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   o365
    #   webtest
billiard==3.6.4.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   celery
black==24.1.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
bleach[css]==5.0.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   bleach
boltons==21.0.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   face
    #   glom
brotli==1.1.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   fonttools
build==0.8.0
    # via pip-tools
bump2version==1.0.0
    # via -r requirements/dev.in
cbor2==5.6.2
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   webauthn
celery==5.2.7
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   celery-once
    #   django-yubin
    #   flower
celery-once==3.0.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
certifi==2023.7.22
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   elastic-apm
    #   requests
    #   self-certifi
    #   sentry-sdk
cffi==1.16.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   cryptography
    #   weasyprint
chardet==5.1.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   prance
charset-normalizer==2.0.2
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   requests
clamd==1.0.2
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
click==8.1.7
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   black
    #   celery
    #   click-didyoumean
    #   click-plugins
    #   click-repl
    #   pip-tools
click-didyoumean==0.3.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   celery
click-plugins==1.1.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   celery
click-repl==0.2.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   celery
coverage==7.4.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
cryptography==42.0.4
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   django-digid-eherkenning
    #   django-simple-certmanager
    #   josepy
    #   maykin-python3-saml
    #   mozilla-django-oidc
    #   pyopenssl
    #   webauthn
cssselect==1.1.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   pyquery
cssselect2==0.7.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   weasyprint
defusedxml==0.7.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
django==4.2.11
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   django-admin-index
    #   django-appconf
    #   django-axes
    #   django-camunda
    #   django-cookie-consent
    #   django-cors-headers
    #   django-csp
    #   django-csp-reports
    #   django-debug-toolbar
    #   django-decorator-include
    #   django-digid-eherkenning
    #   django-extensions
    #   django-filter
    #   django-formtools
    #   django-hijack
    #   django-jenkins
    #   django-jsonform
    #   django-log-outgoing-requests
    #   django-modeltranslation
    #   django-otp
    #   django-phonenumber-field
    #   django-privates
    #   django-redis
    #   django-relativedelta
    #   django-rosetta
    #   django-sendfile2
    #   django-sessionprofile
    #   django-silk
    #   django-simple-certmanager
    #   django-solo
    #   django-timeline-logger
    #   django-treebeard
    #   django-two-factor-auth
    #   djangorestframework
    #   drf-jsonschema-serializer
    #   drf-nested-routers
    #   drf-polymorphic
    #   drf-spectacular
    #   mail-cleaner
    #   maykin-2fa
    #   mozilla-django-oidc
    #   mozilla-django-oidc-db
    #   sentry-sdk
    #   zgw-consumers
django-admin-index==3.1.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
django-appconf==1.0.4
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   django-cookie-consent
    #   django-log-outgoing-requests
    #   django-timeline-logger
django-autoslug==1.9.9
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
django-axes[ipware]==6.0.5
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   django-axes
django-camunda==0.14.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
django-capture-tag==1.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
django-colorfield==0.9.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
django-cookie-consent==0.5.0b0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
django-cors-headers==3.11.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
django-csp==3.7
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
django-csp-reports==1.8.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
django-debug-toolbar==4.3.0
    # via -r requirements/dev.in
django-decorator-include==3.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
django-digid-eherkenning==0.12.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
django-extensions==3.2.3
    # via -r requirements/dev.in
django-filter==23.2
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
django-formtools==2.5.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   django-two-factor-auth
django-hijack==3.4.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
django-ipware==5.0.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   django-axes
django-jenkins==0.110.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
django-jsonform==2.21.2
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   mozilla-django-oidc-db
django-log-outgoing-requests==0.6.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
django-modeltranslation==0.18.12
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
django-ordered-model==3.6
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   django-admin-index
django-otp==1.3.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   django-two-factor-auth
django-phonenumber-field==7.3.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   django-two-factor-auth
django-privates==1.5.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   django-simple-certmanager
django-redis==5.3.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
django-relativedelta==2.0.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   zgw-consumers
django-rosetta==0.9.8
    # via -r requirements/dev.in
django-sendfile2==0.7.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   django-privates
django-sessionprofile==2.0.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   django-digid-eherkenning
django-silk==5.1.0
    # via -r requirements/dev.in
django-simple-certmanager[testutils]==2.0.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   django-digid-eherkenning
    #   django-simple-certmanager
    #   zgw-consumers
django-solo==2.1.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   django-camunda
    #   django-digid-eherkenning
    #   django-log-outgoing-requests
    #   mozilla-django-oidc-db
    #   zgw-consumers
django-timeline-logger==4.0.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
django-tinymce==3.6.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
django-treebeard==4.7
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
django-two-factor-auth[phonenumberslite,webauthn]==1.16.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   django-two-factor-auth
    #   maykin-2fa
django-webtest==1.9.7
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
django-yubin==2.0.2
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
djangorestframework==3.14.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   drf-jsonschema-serializer
    #   drf-nested-routers
    #   drf-polymorphic
    #   drf-spectacular
djangorestframework-camel-case==1.4.2
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
docutils==0.20.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   sphinx
    #   sphinx-rtd-theme
    #   sphinx-tabs
drf-jsonschema-serializer==2.0.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
drf-nested-routers==0.93.4
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
drf-polymorphic==1.0.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
drf-spectacular==0.27.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
ecs-logging==2.0.2
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   elastic-apm
elastic-apm==6.17.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
et-xmlfile==1.1.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   openpyxl
exceptiongroup==1.0.4
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   hypothesis
    #   pytest
face==20.1.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   glom
factory-boy==3.3.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   django-simple-certmanager
    #   zgw-consumers
faker==23.1.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   factory-boy
    #   zgw-consumers
flake8==6.0.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
flower==1.2.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
fonttools[woff]==4.45.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   fonttools
    #   weasyprint
freezegun==0.3.15
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
frozendict==2.3.4
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
furl==2.1.2
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   ape-pie
    #   django-digid-eherkenning
gemma-zds-client==2.0.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   zgw-consumers
gitdb==4.0.7
    # via gitpython
gitpython==3.1.41
    # via -r requirements/dev.in
glom==20.11.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   mozilla-django-oidc-db
gprof2dot==2021.2.21
    # via django-silk
greenlet==2.0.2
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   playwright
html5lib==1.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   weasyprint
humanize==3.14.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   flower
hypothesis==6.84.3
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
idna==2.10
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   requests
    #   yarl
imagesize==1.4.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   sphinx
inflection==0.5.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   django-camunda
    #   drf-spectacular
iniconfig==1.1.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   pytest
isodate==0.6.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   maykin-json-logic-py
    #   maykin-python3-saml
    #   zeep
isort==5.10.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
jinja2==3.1.3
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   sphinx
josepy==1.8.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   mozilla-django-oidc
jq==1.3.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
jsonschema==4.21.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   drf-jsonschema-serializer
    #   drf-spectacular
    #   openapi-schema-validator
    #   openapi-spec-validator
jsonschema-spec==0.2.4
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   openapi-spec-validator
jsonschema-specifications==2023.7.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   jsonschema
    #   openapi-schema-validator
kombu==5.2.4
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   celery
lazy-object-proxy==1.9.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   openapi-spec-validator
lxml==4.9.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   django-camunda
    #   django-digid-eherkenning
    #   mail-cleaner
    #   maykin-python3-saml
    #   pyquery
    #   xmlsec
    #   zeep
mail-cleaner==1.2.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
mail-parser==3.15.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   django-yubin
markupsafe==2.1.2
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   jinja2
maykin-2fa==1.0.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
maykin-json-logic-py==0.13.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
maykin-python3-saml==1.16.0.post2
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   django-digid-eherkenning
mccabe==0.7.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   flake8
mozilla-django-oidc==4.0.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   mozilla-django-oidc-db
mozilla-django-oidc-db==0.15.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
multidict==6.0.4
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   yarl
mypy-extensions==0.4.3
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   black
o365==2.0.31
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
oauthlib==3.2.2
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   requests-oauthlib
openapi-schema-validator==0.6.2
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   openapi-spec-validator
openapi-spec-validator==0.6.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   openapi3-parser
openapi3-parser==1.1.16
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
openpyxl==3.0.7
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   tablib
orderedmultidict==1.0.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   furl
packaging==23.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   black
    #   build
    #   prance
    #   pytest
    #   sphinx
pathable==0.4.3
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   jsonschema-spec
pathspec==0.9.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   black
pep517==0.10.0
    # via build
pep8==1.7.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
phonenumberslite==8.13.29
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   django-two-factor-auth
pillow==10.2.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   django-colorfield
    #   weasyprint
pip-tools==7.3.0
    # via -r requirements/dev.in
platformdirs==2.2.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   black
    #   zeep
playwright==1.38.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
pluggy==0.13.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   pytest
polib==1.1.0
    # via django-rosetta
portalocker[redis]==2.3.2
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   portalocker
prance==23.6.21.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   openapi3-parser
prometheus-client==0.13.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   flower
prompt-toolkit==3.0.27
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   click-repl
psycopg2==2.8.6
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
pycodestyle==2.10.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   autopep8
    #   flake8
pycparser==2.20
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   cffi
pydyf==0.8.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   weasyprint
pyee==9.0.4
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   playwright
pyflakes==3.0.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   flake8
pygments==2.17.2
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   sphinx
    #   sphinx-tabs
pyjwt==2.6.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   gemma-zds-client
pyopenssl==24.0.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   josepy
    #   webauthn
pyphen==0.14.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   weasyprint
pypng==0.20220715.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   qrcode
pyquery==1.4.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
pytest==7.4.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
python-dateutil==2.8.2
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   django-camunda
    #   django-relativedelta
    #   faker
    #   freezegun
    #   o365
python-decouple==3.8
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
python-dotenv==0.14.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
python-magic==0.4.27
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
pytz==2022.2.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   babel
    #   celery
    #   django-yubin
    #   djangorestframework
    #   flower
    #   zeep
pytz-deprecation-shim==0.1.0.post0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   tzlocal
pyyaml==6.0.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   drf-spectacular
    #   gemma-zds-client
    #   jsonschema-spec
    #   vcrpy
qrcode==7.4.2
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   django-two-factor-auth
redis==4.5.4
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   celery-once
    #   django-redis
    #   portalocker
referencing==0.30.2
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   jsonschema
    #   jsonschema-spec
    #   jsonschema-specifications
requests==2.31.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   ape-pie
    #   django-camunda
    #   django-log-outgoing-requests
    #   django-rosetta
    #   gemma-zds-client
    #   jsonschema-spec
    #   maykin-python3-saml
    #   mozilla-django-oidc
    #   o365
    #   prance
    #   requests-file
    #   requests-mock
    #   requests-oauthlib
    #   requests-toolbelt
    #   sphinx
    #   zeep
    #   zgw-consumers
requests-file==1.5.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   zeep
requests-mock==1.8.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   zgw-consumers
requests-oauthlib==1.3.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   o365
requests-toolbelt==1.0.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   zeep
rfc3339-validator==0.1.4
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   openapi-schema-validator
rpds-py==0.18.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   jsonschema
    #   referencing
ruamel-yaml==0.17.32
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   prance
ruamel-yaml-clib==0.2.7
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   ruamel-yaml
self-certifi==1.0.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
semantic-version==2.10.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
sentry-sdk[django]==1.27.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   sentry-sdk
simplejson==3.17.6
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   mail-parser
six==1.15.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   bleach
    #   click-repl
    #   freezegun
    #   furl
    #   html5lib
    #   isodate
    #   mail-parser
    #   orderedmultidict
    #   prance
    #   python-dateutil
    #   requests-file
    #   requests-mock
    #   rfc3339-validator
    #   webtest
smmap==4.0.0
    # via gitdb
snowballstemmer==2.1.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   sphinx
sortedcontainers==2.4.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   hypothesis
soupsieve==2.3
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   beautifulsoup4
sphinx==7.2.6
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   sphinx-rtd-theme
    #   sphinx-tabs
    #   sphinxcontrib-jquery
sphinx-rtd-theme==2.0.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
sphinx-tabs==3.4.5
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
sphinxcontrib-applehelp==1.0.8
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   sphinx
sphinxcontrib-devhelp==1.0.6
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   sphinx
sphinxcontrib-htmlhelp==2.0.5
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   sphinx
sphinxcontrib-jquery==4.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   sphinx-rtd-theme
sphinxcontrib-jsmath==1.0.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   sphinx
sphinxcontrib-mermaid==0.9.2
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
sphinxcontrib-qthelp==1.0.7
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   sphinx
sphinxcontrib-serializinghtml==1.1.10
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   sphinx
sqlparse==0.4.4
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   django
    #   django-debug-toolbar
    #   django-silk
stringcase==1.2.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   o365
tablib[xlsx]==3.0.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   tablib
tabulate==0.8.9
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
tblib==1.7.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
testfixtures==6.17.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
tinycss2==1.1.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   bleach
    #   cssselect2
    #   weasyprint
toml==0.10.2
    # via
    #   autopep8
    #   pep517
tomli==1.2.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   black
    #   build
    #   pip-tools
    #   pytest
tornado==6.3.3
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   flower
typing-extensions==4.9.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   asgiref
    #   black
    #   pyee
    #   qrcode
tzdata==2023.3
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   pytz-deprecation-shim
tzlocal==4.3.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   o365
uritemplate==3.0.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   drf-spectacular
urllib3==2.0.7
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   elastic-apm
    #   requests
    #   sentry-sdk
uwsgi==2.0.23
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
vcrpy==5.1.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
vine==5.0.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   amqp
    #   celery
    #   kombu
waitress==2.1.2
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   webtest
wcwidth==0.2.5
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   prompt-toolkit
weasyprint==60.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
webauthn==2.0.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   django-two-factor-auth
webencodings==0.5.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   bleach
    #   cssselect2
    #   html5lib
    #   tinycss2
webob==1.8.6
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   webtest
webtest==2.0.35
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   django-webtest
wheel==0.38.4
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   pip-tools
wrapt==1.15.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   elastic-apm
    #   vcrpy
xmlsec==1.3.10
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   maykin-python3-saml
xmltodict==0.12.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
yarl==1.9.2
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   vcrpy
zeep==4.2.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
zgw-consumers[testutils]==0.31.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   zgw-consumers
zopfli==0.2.3
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   fonttools

# The following packages are considered to be unsafe in a requirements file:
pip==23.3.1
    # via pip-tools
setuptools==65.6.3
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   django-axes
    #   josepy
    #   pip-tools
