#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with Python 3.10
# by the following command:
#
#    ./bin/compile_dependencies.sh
#
--no-binary lxml

amqp==5.0.9
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   kombu
ape-pie==0.1.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.in
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   zgw-consumers
asgiref==3.5.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   django
async-timeout==4.0.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   redis
attrs==20.3.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   glom
    #   jsonschema
    #   zeep
beautifulsoup4==4.10.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   o365
billiard==3.6.4.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   celery
bleach[css]==5.0.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.in
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   bleach
boltons==21.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   face
    #   glom
brotli==1.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   fonttools
celery==5.2.7
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.in
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   celery-once
    #   django-yubin
    #   flower
celery-once==3.0.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.in
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
certifi==2023.7.22
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   django-simple-certmanager
    #   elastic-apm
    #   requests
    #   self-certifi
    #   sentry-sdk
cffi==1.16.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   cryptography
    #   weasyprint
chardet==5.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   prance
charset-normalizer==2.0.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   requests
clamd==1.0.2
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.in
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
click==8.0.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   celery
    #   click-didyoumean
    #   click-plugins
    #   click-repl
click-didyoumean==0.3.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   celery
click-plugins==1.1.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   celery
click-repl==0.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   celery
cryptography==41.0.7
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   django-simple-certmanager
    #   josepy
    #   mozilla-django-oidc
    #   pyopenssl
cssselect2==0.7.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   weasyprint
defusedxml==0.7.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.in
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   django-camunda
    #   django-digid-eherkenning
    #   maykin-python3-saml
django==3.2.23
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.in
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   django-admin-index
    #   django-appconf
    #   django-axes
    #   django-camunda
    #   django-cookie-consent
    #   django-cors-headers
    #   django-csp
    #   django-csp-reports
    #   django-decorator-include
    #   django-digid-eherkenning
    #   django-filter
    #   django-formtools
    #   django-hijack
    #   django-jsonform
    #   django-log-outgoing-requests
    #   django-modeltranslation
    #   django-otp
    #   django-phonenumber-field
    #   django-privates
    #   django-redis
    #   django-relativedelta
    #   django-sendfile2
    #   django-sessionprofile
    #   django-simple-certmanager
    #   django-solo
    #   django-timeline-logger
    #   django-treebeard
    #   djangorestframework
    #   drf-jsonschema-serializer
    #   drf-nested-routers
    #   drf-polymorphic
    #   drf-spectacular
    #   mail-cleaner
    #   maykin-django-two-factor-auth
    #   mozilla-django-oidc
    #   mozilla-django-oidc-db
    #   open-forms-ext-haalcentraal-hr
    #   open-forms-ext-token-exchange
    #   sentry-sdk
    #   zgw-consumers
django-admin-index==3.1.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.in
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
django-appconf==1.0.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   django-cookie-consent
    #   django-log-outgoing-requests
    #   django-timeline-logger
django-autoslug==1.9.9
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.in
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
django-axes[ipware]==6.0.5
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.in
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   django-axes
django-camunda==0.13.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.in
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
django-capture-tag==1.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.in
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
django-colorfield==0.9.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.in
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
django-cookie-consent==0.5.0b0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.in
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
django-cors-headers==3.11.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.in
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
django-csp==3.7
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.in
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
django-csp-reports==1.8.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.in
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
django-decorator-include==3.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.in
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
django-digid-eherkenning==0.10.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.in
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
django-filter==23.2
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.in
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
django-formtools==2.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   maykin-django-two-factor-auth
django-hijack==3.4.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.in
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
django-ipware==5.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   django-axes
django-jsonform==2.21.2
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.in
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   mozilla-django-oidc-db
django-log-outgoing-requests==0.6.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.in
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
django-modeltranslation==0.18.12
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.in
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
django-ordered-model==3.6
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.in
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   django-admin-index
django-otp==1.0.6
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   maykin-django-two-factor-auth
django-phonenumber-field==5.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   maykin-django-two-factor-auth
django-privates==1.5.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.in
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   django-simple-certmanager
django-redis==5.3.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.in
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
django-relativedelta==2.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   zgw-consumers
django-sendfile2==0.7.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   django-privates
django-sessionprofile==2.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   django-digid-eherkenning
django-simple-certmanager==1.4.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.in
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   django-digid-eherkenning
    #   zgw-consumers
django-solo @ git+https://github.com/lazybird/django-solo.git@master
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.in
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   django-camunda
    #   django-digid-eherkenning
    #   django-log-outgoing-requests
    #   mozilla-django-oidc-db
    #   zgw-consumers
django-timeline-logger==3.0.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.in
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
django-tinymce==3.6.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.in
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
django-treebeard==4.7
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.in
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
django-yubin==2.0.2
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.in
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
djangorestframework==3.14.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.in
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   drf-jsonschema-serializer
    #   drf-nested-routers
    #   drf-polymorphic
    #   drf-spectacular
djangorestframework-camel-case==1.4.2
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.in
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
drf-jsonschema-serializer==2.0.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.in
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
drf-nested-routers==0.93.4
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.in
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
drf-polymorphic==1.0.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.in
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
drf-spectacular==0.27.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.in
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
ecs-logging==2.0.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   elastic-apm
elastic-apm==6.17.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.in
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
et-xmlfile==1.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   openpyxl
face==20.1.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   glom
flower==1.2.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.in
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
fonttools[woff]==4.45.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   fonttools
    #   weasyprint
frozendict==2.3.4
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.in
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
furl==2.1.2
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.in
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   ape-pie
    #   django-digid-eherkenning
    #   open-forms-ext-token-exchange
gemma-zds-client==2.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   zgw-consumers
glom==20.11.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.in
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   mozilla-django-oidc-db
html5lib==1.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.in
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   weasyprint
humanize==3.14.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   flower
idna==2.10
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   requests
inflection==0.5.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   django-camunda
    #   drf-spectacular
isodate==0.6.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   maykin-json-logic-py
    #   maykin-python3-saml
    #   zeep
josepy==1.8.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   mozilla-django-oidc
jq==1.3.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.in
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
jsonschema==4.17.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   drf-jsonschema-serializer
    #   drf-spectacular
    #   jsonschema-spec
    #   openapi-schema-validator
    #   openapi-spec-validator
jsonschema-spec==0.1.6
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   openapi-spec-validator
kombu==5.2.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   celery
lazy-object-proxy==1.9.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   openapi-spec-validator
lxml==4.9.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.in
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   django-digid-eherkenning
    #   mail-cleaner
    #   maykin-python3-saml
    #   xmlsec
    #   zeep
mail-cleaner==1.2.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.in
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
mail-parser==3.15.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   django-yubin
maykin-django-two-factor-auth[phonenumbers]==2.0.4
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.in
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   maykin-django-two-factor-auth
maykin-json-logic-py==0.13.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.in
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
maykin-python3-saml==1.14.0.post0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   django-digid-eherkenning
mozilla-django-oidc==3.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   mozilla-django-oidc-db
mozilla-django-oidc-db==0.14.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.in
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
o365==2.0.31
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.in
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
oauthlib==3.2.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   requests-oauthlib
open-forms-ext-haalcentraal-hr==0.2.0
    # via -r requirements/extensions.in
open-forms-ext-token-exchange==0.4.0
    # via -r requirements/extensions.in
openapi-schema-validator==0.4.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   openapi-spec-validator
openapi-spec-validator==0.5.5
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   openapi3-parser
openapi3-parser==1.1.11
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.in
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
openpyxl==3.0.7
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   tablib
orderedmultidict==1.0.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   furl
packaging==23.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   prance
pathable==0.4.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   jsonschema-spec
phonenumbers==8.12.29
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.in
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   maykin-django-two-factor-auth
pillow==10.0.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.in
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   django-colorfield
    #   weasyprint
platformdirs==2.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   zeep
portalocker[redis]==2.3.2
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.in
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   portalocker
prance==23.6.21.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   openapi3-parser
prometheus-client==0.13.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   flower
prompt-toolkit==3.0.27
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   click-repl
psycopg2==2.8.6
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.in
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
pycparser==2.20
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   cffi
pydyf==0.8.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   weasyprint
pyjwt==2.6.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   gemma-zds-client
pyopenssl==23.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   django-simple-certmanager
    #   josepy
    #   maykin-python3-saml
    #   zgw-consumers
pyphen==0.10.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   weasyprint
pyrsistent==0.17.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   jsonschema
python-dateutil==2.8.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   django-camunda
    #   django-relativedelta
    #   o365
python-decouple==3.3
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.in
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
python-dotenv==0.14.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.in
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
python-magic==0.4.27
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.in
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
pytz==2022.2.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.in
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   celery
    #   django
    #   django-yubin
    #   djangorestframework
    #   flower
    #   zeep
pytz-deprecation-shim==0.1.0.post0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   tzlocal
pyyaml==6.0.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   drf-spectacular
    #   gemma-zds-client
    #   jsonschema-spec
qrcode==6.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   maykin-django-two-factor-auth
redis==4.5.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   celery-once
    #   django-redis
    #   portalocker
requests==2.31.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   ape-pie
    #   django-camunda
    #   django-log-outgoing-requests
    #   gemma-zds-client
    #   jsonschema-spec
    #   maykin-python3-saml
    #   mozilla-django-oidc
    #   o365
    #   prance
    #   requests-file
    #   requests-oauthlib
    #   requests-toolbelt
    #   zeep
    #   zgw-consumers
requests-file==1.5.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   zeep
requests-oauthlib==1.3.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   o365
requests-toolbelt==1.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   zeep
rfc3339-validator==0.1.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   openapi-schema-validator
ruamel-yaml==0.17.32
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   prance
ruamel-yaml-clib==0.2.7
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   ruamel-yaml
self-certifi==1.0.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.in
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
semantic-version==2.10.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.in
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
sentry-sdk[django]==1.27.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.in
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   sentry-sdk
simplejson==3.17.6
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   mail-parser
six==1.15.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   bleach
    #   click-repl
    #   furl
    #   html5lib
    #   isodate
    #   mail-parser
    #   orderedmultidict
    #   prance
    #   python-dateutil
    #   qrcode
    #   requests-file
    #   rfc3339-validator
soupsieve==2.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   beautifulsoup4
sqlparse==0.4.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   django
stringcase==1.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   o365
tablib[xlsx]==3.0.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.in
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   tablib
tabulate==0.8.9
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.in
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
tinycss2==1.1.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.in
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   bleach
    #   cssselect2
    #   weasyprint
tornado==6.3.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   flower
typing-extensions==4.9.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.in
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   django-solo
tzdata==2023.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   pytz-deprecation-shim
tzlocal==4.3.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   o365
uritemplate==3.0.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   drf-spectacular
urllib3==2.0.7
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   elastic-apm
    #   requests
    #   sentry-sdk
uwsgi==2.0.23
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.in
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
vine==5.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   amqp
    #   celery
    #   kombu
wcwidth==0.2.5
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   prompt-toolkit
weasyprint==60.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.in
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
webencodings==0.5.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   bleach
    #   cssselect2
    #   html5lib
    #   tinycss2
wrapt==1.15.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   elastic-apm
xmlsec==1.3.10
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   maykin-python3-saml
xmltodict==0.12.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.in
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
zeep==4.2.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.in
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
zgw-consumers==0.28.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.in
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   open-forms-ext-haalcentraal-hr
    #   open-forms-ext-token-exchange
zopfli==0.2.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   fonttools

# The following packages are considered to be unsafe in a requirements file:
setuptools==65.6.3
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.in
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   django-axes
    #   josepy
